what's up dudes another episode of The
Sims 4 and what happened last episode
was I made myself and then I went on a
date with melanda just to make her happy
because she's been so depressed the
whole time but now I guess I tried to
kiss her but I guess that didn't happen
and now today I'm gonna mess with
Richard and Alex's relationship ha ha
let's do it but before then last episode
I did the cheat where I you know put
money in so I have a lot of money so I'm
gonna fix my house and make it look
cooler because right now I feel like it
could look better let's do it
fast-forwarding now okay all done
this is my house nice see a lot better
right nice Ike alright this is the house
I mean it's really all I got it's better
than nothing so I made the living room a
lot bigger I gave each other a bigger
room this is Rolando
oh yes again they're at it alright
alright let me show you the house first
this is I don't know there's three rooms
one big living room dining room kitchen
alright everyone's just dead
Roy's dead where Lana's dead they're
just tired from the date so this is
gonna be Richard and Alex as they whoo
oh yeah that's gonna date today's you
guys's day
so Richard is asking Alex on a date
right now yes they're going on a date
alright guys where should they go
alright next up it is let's do it guys
oh look at daddy going in the nightclub
together oh hey what's up guys we're
gonna break up
right there in this nightclub this
should get a drink oh yeah okay so
there's this one random guy I think he's
trying to oh snap
so this dude in the middle I don't know
what he's doing i Richard come on boy
just sit right here man
don't sit over there you're so far from
your your soul mate there you go there
you go you guys hug do you think do you
think do they're totally hitting it off
like dude Tuesday hey do you guys think
they'll make babies I don't play as
possible but anything in the sense whoa
oh look at this guy right there look at
this guy right up for you yeah yeah
Richard did it
you got a P go P hurry up dude we got
some work to do
okay he's using the bathroom washing his
hands you better go back down and talk
to your man there you go all right back
to him
ask if he's single just be boyfriend's
already like dude ask of his single
folks a source yes yes embrace him now
mine just be just start dating already
guys come on boy yeah yeah yes embrace
yes yes kiss kiss kiss kiss we all know
you guys love each other so just go and
date please Oh selfie Hey
that's so cool come on just love each
other come on oops Wow
Oh Oh
okay oh man I thought about the kiss I
thought they were about to kiss for a
second I was about to go crazy blow kiss
focus blow kiss come on come on don't be
tired yet we're almost there
we're almost there guys hang on the hang
in there Oh first kiss you see this
there's a button that says first kiss
let's do it come on come on come on
are you gonna do it are you gonna do it
are they boyfriend's it be boyfriend has
to be boyfriend has to be a boyfriend
she asked Oh what you don't wanna be
boyfriend's what's wrong with you guys
you guys haven't kiss a and everything
what so I don't know who denied it but
they're not boyfriends yet oh it's so
nice nice oh thank you thank you thank
you you look very nice to Richard oh
that's why because I made Alex his
attribute is a fear of commitment what
did I do that no you have to try a
little harder man this is gonna be
tougher than I thought Richard is like
down like y'all let's make my friends
this guy is freaking depressed because
his afraid of commitment I'm not really
sure to do now I guess yeah I keep
trying harder you know I'll look at
Richard's like sim thing it's red it's
not happy there you go just keep doing
that man you got it you'll be
boyfriend's by the end of the day please
please do something good to me please
yeah yes yes keep doing that please I
don't know I want it and why I want this
so much probably because I don't know
just never thought this would happen yes
please keep doing that propose what's
this whatever what happens if I click
this button propose let's do it I don't
know go away girl no don't talk to her
Richard what are you doing don't touch
it don't talk to them they're not worthy
I know you guys I've been to are tired
but I feel oh come on
nothing's going right for me right now
he's proposing is proposing oh no their
love for each other is gone go be
Richards I go I can't handle this
anymore
yo it's your fault for not freaking
wanting commitment you you fear
commitment this is your fault this is
why this guy is unhappy because of your
fear of commitment
stupid stupid loser oh man
all right I'm ending here guys I'm not
sure what's gonna happen next between
these guys it's either they find other
people or they stick together so until
next time
[Music]